 I think all of the In Class Assignments could be considered group projects in a small sort, with everyone collaborating and sharing ideas and information towards a defined goal that everyone was equally motivated to do well on and learn from. I really enjoyed my highly motivated and understanding group from the first half of the semester that was able to properly problem solve and take steps back or take input from others when needed and everyone was listened to. That group was 6 people and was highly efficient and I was usually a key person on setting up initial communication and sharing my screen to others involved.

I believe the communication and comradery and motivation and lack of pettiness from aforementioned group were some of our best strengths. I believe I did a great job communicating ideas and mediating others ideas and putting them into words and code and such and made sure everyone understood and was on the same page. Others did a great job gathering intel and using their personal strengths and creativity to make fun and interesting and functional projects almost every day.

There were a lot of times when every one of us was stumped and the short time frame limited us greatly. Very few of us had a solid coding background and that made things much more fun. Everyone was equally dumb and was googling how to do things and we used the TA and brainstormed how we wanted to do things together instead of having one experienced coder try to rule over the entire thing every time. We looked to eachother for guidance and I believe we came out successful almost every time and picked up the slack when one group member wasn't there or when someone was really tired or something like that. I think we can't avoid those challenges, besides each of us gaining a little bit more experience and committing time to learning the material and options more deeply in memorization

Motivation and Interest
Participation
Inclusion
Discussion
Organization
Not disorganized in git
Delegation of work

Text?

